I make exactly here again for another
sneaky peek a sweetly confidential as
you remember last time we did this we
couldn't actually get into the actual
studio it was a bit annoying so I'm now
than do it myself I be the killer ah ok
first of all makeup and wardrobe and
then on to the studio ah right he's not
looking come on let's go we written
living right there's a camera people who
are busy filling the presenters and the
intros and that is outer ok now this is
what we all see when we come to the top
of stairs and walk down as you can
imagine the nerves are going crazy it's
such a nerve-racking experience this is
how it feels it dives on the floor and
then after that you have to face the
judges
even from the back it was quite scared
isn't it ah and then we run off can't be
of a lovely waiting room ah okay let's
stop sulking there's make sure you watch
this week for my performance but special
guest is a legend and make sure you will
come back to what strictly confidential
behind the scenes sneaky peek all the
juicy gossip don't be late